---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "st-alicloud_ddoscoo_webconfig_ccrule_v2 Resource - st-alicloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create v2 CCRules for this domain
---

# st-alicloud_ddoscoo_webconfig_ccrule_v2 (Resource)

Create v2 CCRules for this domain



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain` (String) Domain name.

### Optional

- `expires` (Number) The validity period of the rule. Unit: seconds. The value 0 indicates that the rule is permanently valid
- `rule_list` (Block Set) List of CC rules v2 to be added. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rule_list))

<a id="nestedblock--rule_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list`

Required:

- `action` (String) The action to perform upon matching. Valid values: block, challenge, watch.
- `condition` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_list--condition))
- `name` (String) Name of the rule.

Optional:

- `rate_limit` (Attributes) The frequency statistics. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_list--rate_limit))
- `statistics` (Attributes) The statistics after deduplication. By default, the system collects statistics before deduplication. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_list--statistics))
- `status_code` (Attributes) The status codes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rule_list--status_code))

<a id="nestedatt--rule_list--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.condition`

Required:

- `field` (String) Matching field.
- `match_method` (String) Matching method.

Optional:

- `content` (String) Matching content.
- `content_list` (List of String) Contents if the matching is one of multiple.
- `header_name` (String) Custom HTTP header field name.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_list--rate_limit"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.rate_limit`

Required:

- `interval` (Number) The statistics duration.
- `target` (String) Statistics source, supports ip and header
- `threshold` (Number) Threshold
- `ttl` (Number) Action duration.

Optional:

- `subkey` (String) Field name (set only when the statistics source is header).


<a id="nestedatt--rule_list--statistics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.statistics`

Required:

- `field` (String) The statistical method.
- `mode` (String) Indicates whether the system collects statistics after deduplication. Valid values: count, distinct

Optional:

- `header_name` (String) The name of the header. This parameter is required only when the Field parameter is set to header.


<a id="nestedatt--rule_list--status_code"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rule_list.status_code`

Required:

- `code` (Number) The status code.
- `count_threshold` (Number) If a ratio is not used, the handling action is triggered only when the number of requests of the corresponding status code reaches the value of count_threshold
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the status code is enabled.
- `use_ratio` (Boolean) Indicates whether to use a ratio.

Optional:

- `ratio_threshold` (Number) If a ratio is used, the handling action is triggered only when the number of requests of the corresponding status code reaches the value of ratio_threshold
